c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineWebService.dll.config
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineWebService.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineWebService.pdb
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineDataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineMVCApp.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineMVCApp.pdb
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\LocusNineDataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\obj\Debug\LocusNineWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\obj\Debug\LocusNineWebService.dll
c:\users\aditya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LocusNine\LocusNineWebService\obj\Debug\LocusNineWebService.pdb
